
   The Long Format
     If the -l option is given, the following information is displayed for each file: 
     file mode, 
     number of links,
     owner name, 
     group name, 
     number of bytes in the file, 
     abbreviated month, 
     day-of-month file was last modified, 
     hour file last modified, 
     minute file last modified, 
     and the pathname.  
     
     In addition, for each
      directory whose contents are displayed, the total number of 512-byte blocks used by the files in the direc-
     tory is displayed on a line by itself, immediately before the information for the files in the directory.
     If the file or directory has extended attributes, the permissions field printed by the -l option is fol-
     lowed by a '@' character.  Otherwise, if the file or directory has extended security information (such as
     an access control list), the permissions field printed by the -l option is followed by a '+' character.

      -rw-r--r--  1 spuustin  2020   478 Jul 19 16:13 TODO.txt
      -rw-r--r--  1 spuustin  2020  3050 Jul 20 20:13 list.c

      STAT allows to print: st_* atimespec, birthtimespec, blksize, blocks, ctimespec, dev, flags, gen,
      gid, ino, lspare, mode, mtimespec, nlink, qspare, rdev, size, uid

      st_mode & (S_IRUSR, S_IWUSR, S_IXUSR, IRGRP/IWGRP/IXGRP, IROTH/IWOTH/IXOTH)

     If the modification time of the file is more than 6 months in the past or future, then the year of the last
     modification is displayed in place of the hour and minute fields.

     If the owner or group names are not a known user or group name, or the -n option is given, the numeric ID's
     are displayed.

     If the file is a character special or block special file, the major and minor device numbers for the file
     are displayed in the size field.  If the file is a symbolic link, the pathname of the linked-to file is
     preceded by ``->''.

     The file mode printed under the -l option consists of the entry type, owner permissions, and group permis-
     sions.  The entry type character describes the type of file, as follows:

           b     Block special file.
           c     Character special file.
           d     Directory.
           l     Symbolic link.
           s     Socket link.
           p     FIFO.
           -     Regular file.

     The next three fields are three characters each: owner permissions, group permissions, and other permis-
     sions.  Each field has three character positions:

           1.   If r, the file is readable; if -, it is not readable.

           2.   If w, the file is writable; if -, it is not writable.

           3.   The first of the following that applies:

                      S     If in the owner permissions, the file is not executable and set-user-ID mode is set.
                            If in the group permissions, the file is not executable and set-group-ID mode is
                            set.

                      s     If in the owner permissions, the file is executable and set-user-ID mode is set.  If
                            in the group permissions, the file is executable and setgroup-ID mode is set.

                      x     The file is executable or the directory is searchable.

                      -     The file is neither readable, writable, executable, nor set-user-ID nor set-group-ID
                            mode, nor sticky.  (See below.)

				These next two apply only to the third character in the last group (other permissions).

                      T     The sticky bit is set (mode 1000), but not execute or search permission.  (See
                            chmod(1) or sticky(8).)

                      t     The sticky bit is set (mode 1000), and is searchable or executable.  (See chmod(1)
                            or sticky(8).)